COPYING html5spec
=================

Python files and documentation
------------------------------

Copyright © 2019 Ben Golightly \<ben@tawesoft.co.uk\>  
Copyright © 2019 Tawesoft Ltd \<opensource@tawesoft.co.uk\>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction,  including without limitation the rights
to use,  copy, modify,  merge,  publish, distribute, sublicense,  and/or sell
copies  of  the  Software,  and  to  permit persons  to whom  the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice  and this permission notice  shall be  included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED  "AS IS",  WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,  EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED,  INCLUDING  BUT  NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES  OF  MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE  AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS  OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS  BE LIABLE  FOR ANY  CLAIM,  DAMAGES  OR  OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


Downloaded specs and generated machine-readable output
------------------------------------------------------

The HTML Living Standard is Copyright © 2018 WHATWG (Apple, Google, Mozilla,
Microsoft) and available under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International
License: see https://whatwg.org/ and
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Accessible Rich Internet Applications (WAI-ARIA) is Copyright © 2013-2019 W3C®
(MIT, ERCIM, Keio, Beihang) and available under the W3C Document License: see
https://w3c.github.io/aria/ and
https://www.w3.org/Consortium/Legal/2015/doc-license or
W3C-Document-License.html where provided
